Asia shares jump after US stocks soared to historic gains when Trump paused most of his tariffs
Another U-Turn: Trump reverses tariffs that caused market meltdown, but companies remain bewildered
What’s a dead cat bounce? Six terms to know for the trade war
Trump limits tariffs on most nations for 90 days, raises taxes on Chinese imports
Wall Street’s euphoria sends US stocks to historic gains after Trump pauses most of his tariffs
Trump pauses steeper tariffs for most countries, while hiking levies on China
Key terms to know for the trade war, AP Explains
S&P 500 soars 7% after Trump announces 90-day pause on tariffs, raises taxes on China
Head of French dairy federation says the impact of US tariffs on the sector will be significant
How major US stock indexes fared Wednesday, 4/9/2025
How major US stock indexes fared Tuesday, 4/8/2025
White House keeps world guessing as clock ticks down to Trump’s new tariffs
US stocks dive after another stunning reversal as uncertainty reigns about Trump’s tariffs
How major US stock indexes fared Monday, 4/7/2025
Bogus report on tariff pause briefly lifted markets before White House denied it
Wall Street could be headed for a bear market. Here’s what that means
Trump threatens more tariffs on China as global markets shudder over how much pain economy can take
Mideast stock markets tumble as US tariffs and low oil prices squeeze energy-producing nations
World stocks nosedive and China accuses the US of bullying with tariffs
Trump says he’s not backing down on tariffs, calls them ‘medicine’ as markets reel
Farmers fear tariffs could cost them one of their biggest markets in China
Retirees keep their eyes on the economy as Trump’s tariffs roil financial markets
How major US stock indexes fared Friday, 4/4/2025
Trump’s trade wars deepen as China retaliates and markets fall. Here’s what to know
Think twice before bailing out of the stock market, financial advisers say
Believe it or not, there were some winners in the stock market this week
Faced with Trump’s new tariff, French wine producers expect rough times ahead
Markets plunge with S&P 500 down 6% and Dow down 2,200 after China retaliates against Trump tariffs
How major US stock indexes fared Thursday, 4/3/2025
Wall Street heavyweights take a drubbing, from airlines to Big Tech
Dow drops 1,600 as US stocks lead worldwide sell-off after Trump’s tariffs cause a COVID-like shock
How major US stock indexes fared Wednesday, 4/2/2025
A jittery Wall Street rides the tariff roller coaster and appears headed for big losses on Thursday
How major US stock indexes fared Tuesday, 4/1/2025
Stock market today: More swerves hit Wall Street as Trump’s “Liberation Day” nears
Gold rises to another record as anxiety grips markets. Here’s what you need to know
How major US stock indexes fared Monday, 3/31/2025
Wall Street swings again as the approach of Trump’s ‘Liberation Day’ wallops stock markets worldwide
How major US stock indexes fared Friday, 3/28/2025
What to do if you can’t pay the taxes you owe
Got your first job? Here are some tax tips for first-time filers
Haven’t filed your 2021 tax return? You might be missing out on a COVID stimulus check
Some student loan repayment plans have been suspended. Here’s what borrowers should know
These little-known bank accounts allow Americans with disabilities to save and invest
Content creator pledges ‘no-buy year’ to curb overspending
What does having the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau on hold mean for consumers?
Tax season has begun. Here’s when you’ll get your refund
How to organize your financial life ahead of natural disasters
After disasters, people are especially vulnerable to scams. Here’s how to protect yourself
IRS is sending out automatic stimulus payments. Who is getting them?
Here’s what you need to know about credit card defaults
How removing unpaid medical bills from credit reports could help consumers
10 tips from experts to help you change your relationship with money in 2025
The Fed expects to cut rates more slowly in 2025. What that could mean for mortgages, debt and more
How to avoid financial stress during the holiday season
The White House is cracking down on overdraft fees
USDA bans school lunch fees for low-income families
How to protect yourself from scammers offering fake jobs
How to stay safe from scams
Why you shouldn’t store your money in payment apps
What to know about this year’s Social Security cost-of-living adjustment
The grace period for student loan payments is over. Here’s what you need to know
Before you sign up for a store credit card, know what you’re getting into
What the Fed’s rate cut could mean for you
Oracle settles suit over tracking your data. How to file a claim
US consumer watchdog finds that school lunch fees are taking a toll on parents
Jennifer Lopez and Ben Affleck may not have had a prenuptial agreement, but you should consider one
How to prepare for the Fed’s forthcoming interest rate cuts
Wrongful death suit against Disney serves as a warning to consumers when clicking ‘I agree’
Groceries are expensive, but they don’t have to break the bank. Here are some tips to save
How to get relief from unexpectedly high medical bills
What investors should do when there is more volatility in the market
Stores lure back-to-school shoppers with deals and ‘buy now, pay later’ plans
US agency says apps that let workers access paychecks before payday are providing loans
Amazon Prime Day deals are almost here. Should you take advantage of them?
St. Louis County voters reject Proposition B, which was aimed at County Executive Sam Page
New concepts come to Ballpark Village after $4M renovation
Bayer again asks US Supreme Court to limit Roundup lawsuits
Schlafly quietly sheds one of its brewpubs
Caterer and its grab-and-go eatery closing after 40-plus years
Pro sports league bringing event to Metro East
Korean fried chicken restaurant closes its newest location
Cardinals draw smallest non-COVID crowd in stadium history
Rare prime property near Hanley, I-64 offered for sale
Italian restaurant on the Hill seeks buyer as owner plans retirement
Webster University says it's sold former chancellor's house
QuikTrip plans 5,000-square-foot store on Highway 30 in St. Louis County
Mom's Deli to reopen in new location
Troubled KDHX to sell broadcast tower to Christian network
Former St. Louis Post-Dispatch reporter Nicholas JC Pistor dies at 43
The St. Louis companies crashing worse than the broader market on tariffs
2 St. Louis-area chefs are finalists for 2025 James Beard Awards
Clayton DGX store set to close this month
